fix: typos inside of public markdown docs (#1500)
vuejs/docs: src/about/coc.md

## Our Pledge

> In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socioeconomic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, political party, or sexual identity and orientation. Note, however, that religion, political party, or other ideological affiliation provide no exemptions for the behavior we outline as unacceptable in this Code of Conduct.

Author: Oh, idc then. Lgtm 👍

> In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socioeconomic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, political party, or sexual identity and orientation. Note, however, that religion, political party, or other ideological affiliation provide no exemptions for the behavior we outline as unacceptable in this Code of Conduct.

Author: ```suggestion
In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, political party, or sexual identity and orientation. Note, however, that religion, political party, or other ideological affiliation provide no exemptions for the behavior we outline as unacceptable in this Code of Conduct.
```
